turn on the air conditioner in the sitting room .
turn off the air conditioner in the sitting room .
open the air conditioner in the sitting room .
shut down the air conditioner in the sitting room .
set the temperature of the air conditioner in the sitting room to x .
turn the temperature of the air conditioner in the sitting room to x .
turn on the smart light in the sitting room .
turn off the smart light in the sitting room .
open the smart light in the sitting room .
shut down the smart light in the sitting room .
set the brightness of the smart light in the sitting room to x .
turn the brightness of the smart light in the sitting room to x .
turn on the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room .
turn off the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room .
open the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room .
shut down the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room .
set the pm2.5 of the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room to x .
turn the pm2.5 of the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room to x .
turn on the air purifier in the sitting room .
turn off the air purifier in the sitting room .
open the air purifier in the sitting room .
shut down the air purifier in the sitting room .
set the pm2.5 of the air purifier in the sitting room to x .
turn the pm2.5 of the air purifier in the sitting room to x .
turn on the air conditioner in the bedroom .
turn off the air conditioner in the bedroom .
open the air conditioner in the bedroom .
shut down the air conditioner in the bedroom .
set the temperature of the air conditioner in the bedroom to x .
turn the temperature of the air conditioner in the bedroom to x .
turn on the smart light in the bedroom .
turn off the smart light in the bedroom .
open the smart light in the bedroom .
shut down the smart light in the bedroom .
set the brightness of the smart light in the bedroom to x .
turn the brightness of the smart light in the bedroom to x .
turn on the flower monitor in the balcony .
turn off the flower monitor in the balcony .
open the flower monitor in the balcony .
shut down the flower monitor in the balcony .
set the humidity of the flower monitor in the balcony to x .
turn the humidity of the flower monitor in the balcony to x .
turn on the water pump in the balcony .
turn off the water pump in the balcony .
open the water pump in the balcony .
shut down the water pump in the balcony .
set the humidity of the water pump in the balcony to x .
turn the humidity of the water pump in the balcony to x .
turn on the smart fan in the sitting room .
turn off the smart fan in the sitting room .
open the smart fan in the sitting room .
shut down the smart fan in the sitting room .
set the temperature of the smart fan in the sitting room to x .
turn the temperature of the smart fan in the sitting room to x .
what is the status of the air conditioner ?
is the air conditioner on ?
is the air conditioner off ?
what is the status of the smart light ?
is the smart light on ?
is the smart light off ?
what is the status of the pm2.5 monitor ?
is the pm2.5 monitor on ?
is the pm2.5 monitor off ?
what is the status of the air purifier ?
is the air purifier on ?
is the air purifier off ?
what is the status of the air conditioner ?
is the air conditioner on ?
is the air conditioner off ?
what is the status of the smart light ?
is the smart light on ?
is the smart light off ?
what is the status of the flower monitor ?
is the flower monitor on ?
is the flower monitor off ?
what is the status of the water pump ?
is the water pump on ?
is the water pump off ?
what is the status of the smart fan ?
is the smart fan on ?
is the smart fan off ?
what is the temperature of the air conditioner ?
what is the brightness of the smart light ?
what is the pm2.5 of the pm2.5 monitor ?
what is the pm2.5 of the air purifier ?
what is the temperature of the air conditioner ?
what is the brightness of the smart light ?
what is the humidity of the flower monitor ?
what is the humidity of the water pump ?
what is the temperature of the smart fan ?
